README.md, before:

## 👋 Hi, this is Sunil.
<img align='right' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/74038190/212257472-08e52665-c503-4bd9-aa20-f5a4dae769b5.gif' width='200'>  
<a href="https://github.com/sunil-dhaka/">
  <img align="left" alt="Github" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/github.svg"/>
</a>
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/sunil-dhaka-55a744159">
  <img align="left" alt="LinkedIn" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/linkedin.svg"/>
</a>
<br />
<br />
Hello!

Math & Stats grad from IIT Kanpur with a Machine Learning minor. I’m into all things AI and deep learning - always curious about what’s next in the field. I love tinkering with new ML/AI tech and seeing how it can solve real problems. Check out my projects, work experience, and thoughts in the blog section.

Interests: ML/AI, NLP, Computer Vision, Algorithms, Math & Stats

Cheers!
Sunil Dhaka

[sunil-dhaka.github.io](https://sunil-dhaka.github.io/) 
<details>
  <summary>Some interesting repos!</summary>
  
  [![Readme Card](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=sunil-dhaka&repo=autodownloader-helloiitk&theme=dark)](https://github.com/sunil-dhaka/autodownloader-helloiitk)
  [![Readme Card](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=sunil-dhaka&repo=finetuning-llms&theme=dark)](https://github.com/sunil-dhaka/finetuning-llms) 
  [![Readme Card](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=sunil-dhaka&repo=python-webScrappers&theme=dark)](https://github.com/sunil-dhaka/python-webScrappers)
  [![Readme Card](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=sunil-dhaka&repo=yt-uploads&theme=dark)](https://github.com/sunil-dhaka/yt-uploads) 
  

</details>
<p align="center">
    <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/sunil-dhaka-55a744159/" alt="Linkedin"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jayehernandez/jayehernandez/3f5402efef9a0ae89211a6e04609558e862ca616/readme/linkedin-fill.svg"></a>
    <a href="mailto:sunil.dhaka.iitk@gmail.com" alt="Contact me"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jayehernandez/jayehernandez/3f5402efef9a0ae89211a6e04609558e862ca616/readme/mail-fill.svg"></a>
    <a href="https://sunil-dhaka.github.io/" alt="My site"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jayehernandez/jayehernandez/3f5402efef9a0ae89211a6e04609558e862ca616/readme/external-link-line.svg"></a>
  </p>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jayehernandez/jayehernandez/dcd7447c179f5a1131590b6ccba2223e879ab655/readme/bottom.svg" alt="bottom">

<!---
sunil-dhaka/sunil-dhaka is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->

Commit message:

Revise introduction and interests section
Updated personal introduction and interests in README.

README.md, after:

## 👋 Hi, this is Sunil.
<img align='right' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/74038190/212257472-08e52665-c503-4bd9-aa20-f5a4dae769b5.gif' width='200'>  
<a href="https://github.com/sunil-dhaka/">
  <img align="left" alt="Github" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/github.svg"/>
</a>
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/sunil-dhaka-55a744159">
  <img align="left" alt="LinkedIn" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/linkedin.svg"/>
</a>
<br />
<br />
Hello!

Math & Stats grad from IIT Kanpur with a ML minor. Interested in all things tech related - always curious about what’s next in the field. Trained to think in probabilities, not certainties.

Interests: ML/DL/AI/NLP/CV, Math & Stats, Economics, Data Stories, Traveling, Reading

Cheers!

[sunil-dhaka.github.io](https://sunil-dhaka.github.io/) 
<details>
  <summary>Some interesting repos!</summary>
  
  [![Readme Card](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=sunil-dhaka&repo=autodownloader-helloiitk&theme=dark)](https://github.com/sunil-dhaka/autodownloader-helloiitk)
  [![Readme Card](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=sunil-dhaka&repo=finetuning-llms&theme=dark)](https://github.com/sunil-dhaka/finetuning-llms) 
  [![Readme Card](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=sunil-dhaka&repo=python-webScrappers&theme=dark)](https://github.com/sunil-dhaka/python-webScrappers)
  [![Readme Card](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=sunil-dhaka&repo=yt-uploads&theme=dark)](https://github.com/sunil-dhaka/yt-uploads) 
  

</details>
<p align="center">
    <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/sunil-dhaka-55a744159/" alt="Linkedin"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jayehernandez/jayehernandez/3f5402efef9a0ae89211a6e04609558e862ca616/readme/linkedin-fill.svg"></a>
    <a href="mailto:sunil.dhaka.iitk@gmail.com" alt="Contact me"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jayehernandez/jayehernandez/3f5402efef9a0ae89211a6e04609558e862ca616/readme/mail-fill.svg"></a>
    <a href="https://sunil-dhaka.github.io/" alt="My site"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jayehernandez/jayehernandez/3f5402efef9a0ae89211a6e04609558e862ca616/readme/external-link-line.svg"></a>
  </p>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jayehernandez/jayehernandez/dcd7447c179f5a1131590b6ccba2223e879ab655/readme/bottom.svg" alt="bottom">

<!---
sunil-dhaka/sunil-dhaka is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
